README.md, before:

personal-webpage
================

The personal-webpage assignment produces just that, a personal web page for me.

The assignment introduced CSS stylesheets and teh idea of using a reset stylesheet to set the default presentation to a set of known values across all browsers, rather than letting each browser set its own. I chose the normalize.css sheet, as it seems better documented, which will make it easier to carve my local copy to what I want, once I know what that is.

References
==========

I used the HTML textbook as the basic reference, but also got pointers from Dexter adn the web, espcially the w3schools.com site an dteh textbook's web pages.

Approach
========
I used a pretty simple approach:
1. Examine sample homepages on the web to get an idea of what I might want
2. Put together the HTML file containing the elements I wanted, but no style
3. Include the normalize.css stylesheet
4. Create a CSS stylesheet specific to my homepage and include it in the HTML _after_ the normslize.css file

Observations
============

Step #4 above was definitely the most complicated. I think that the CodeAcademy pages gave a good introduction to the CSS concepts. The hardest part was deciding what I wanted the page to look like.

Questions
=========
Ideally, I would like to have the "Services" and "Contact me" section side-by-side on the page, but I need to know more about grids to make that work.

Commit message:

Adding grids & refactoring for SMACSS & BEM

README.md, after:

personal-webpage
================

The personal-webpage assignment produces just that, a personal web page for me. The second assignment was to refactor it for OOCSS, SMACSS, and BEM.

The assignment introduced CSS stylesheets and the idea of using a reset stylesheet to set the default presentation to a set of known values across all browsers, rather than letting each browser set its own. I chose the normalize.css sheet, as it seems better documented, which will make it easier to carve my local copy to what I want, once I know what that is.

References
==========

I used the HTML textbook as the basic reference, but also got pointers from Dexter and the web, espcially the w3schools.com site an dteh textbook's web pages. We also visited SMACSS homepage and csswizardry.com to help get more familiar with SMACSS and BEM.

Approach
========
I used a pretty simple approach:
1. Examine sample homepages on the web to get an idea of what I might want
2. Put together the HTML file containing the elements I wanted, but no style
3. Include the normalize.css stylesheet
4. Create a CSS stylesheet specific to my homepage and include it in the HTML _after_ the normslize.css file
5. Refactor the HTML file to add grids and bring in OOCSS principles and verify that it worked as expected
6. Refactored the HTML for SMACSS and added BEM naming, verified that the webpage function was unchanged.

Observations
============

Refactoring the CSS stylesheets and adding the new module.css file (base and layout already existed) was the more difficult part of the project, but seemed to go well after we got going.

Getting the web page to look just the way we wanted it to look was also time-consuming, there was a fair amount of trial & error.

Questions
=========
